Add docs for configuring storage and isolation for cache policies (#15397)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/3.0/develop/task-caching.mdx

    return x + 1
```

### Cache storage

By default, cache records are collocated with task results and files containing task results will include metadata used for caching. 
Configuring a cache policy with a `key_storage` argument allows cache records to be stored separately from task results. 

When cache key storage is configured, persisted task results will only include the return value of your task and cache records can be deleted or modified 
without effecting your task results.

You can configure where cache records are stored by using the `.configure` method with a `key_storage` argument on a cache policy.
The `key_storage` argument accepts either a path to a local directory or a storage block.

For example:

```python
from prefect import task
from prefect.cache_policies import TASK_SOURCE, INPUTS

cache_policy = (TASK_SOURCE + INPUTS).configure(key_storage="/path/to/cache/storage")

@task(cache_policy=cache_policy)
def my_cached_task(x: int):
    return x + 42
```

This task will store cache records in the specified directory.

> To store cache records in a remote object store like S3, pass a storage block instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To store cache records in a remote object store such as S3, pass a storage block instead:
```
